We got along in work and although like we're doing very different things now and that has an impact like on when we can meet up and stuff, you've got kids and I'm studying.
You'll have kids soon.
I'm gonna have kids soon, yeah, which will change things again.
Yeah.
Which has made it difficult to stay in like close contact because we were kind of operating in different like...
And I don't drive as well. I think if I drove it'd be easier.
Like because I could just bring you and Shyam and go all you two up to.
Yeah.
Come down for an hour like but it's not viable to come down for an hour when you don't drive
because this journey is what 20 minutes from where I live in a car but it's like 45 minutes
on a train and then it's 20 minute walk so like it doesn't work out.
So if we see each other it's like on the weekends.
Yeah and it's for a couple of hours isn't it?
Yeah we like do it we're doing a thing like seeing something or going somewhere
because of the practicalities.
Yeah.
But yeah no well I guess that we've stayed in contact because we enjoyed each other's company
and we we both valued the the friendship and the things we got from that.
And plus you're the best god whatever.
And that.
I'll be honest you know she loves her Auntie Jen.
My godmother.
Yeah she you'll be living with her now carry on.
Tell her that all the time.
She's like I will move there.
I'm like yeah I bet you would as well.
I'm waiting for her to knock on the door.
Come for email Vee.
She ain't living with me then.
Not doing teenagers.
Give her a four-ed.
I think she'll be in teenage years before.
She already is.
She already is honestly.